a desert specialist
and one of Africa's rarest predators the
brown hyena
[Music]
this ghost town is a home it's ruins
give her valuable protection from the
elements
[Music]
she has been here for 15 years
she's already reared nine generations of
Cubs
[Music]
these two youngsters have reached a
critical stage in their lives
[Music]
they're four months old and now they
need regular solid food but there is
nothing edible in these ruins so their
mother has to look elsewhere and may
leave them for several days on end brown
hyenas may walk over 20 miles a day in
search of food
this is some of the most hostile country
on the planet
[Music]
you